1. Why are you taking this course?
Because first my advisor recommends it, and also I think it may be helpful for my research.

2. What do you think you’ll learn in this course?
What is visualization, how to do visualization, and what are the most recent research frontiers of visualization.

3. What programming languages are you comfortable with?
All but PHP.

4. Which programming language are you most comfortable with?
C++, I think?

5. Have you ever created a data visualization? What was it?
Yes. Just some data charts and figures of Physics experiments, and the undergraduate thesis.

6. During the course of your studies, what’s the largest dataset you’ve had to deal with? What tools did you use?
The CT image and the reconstructed model of a patients coronary arteries. I used VTK to visualize it.

7. What’s the best visualization you’ve ever seen? Why do you like it?
I cannot pick one since I don't quite know what a good visualization is.

8. What’s the worst visualization you’ve ever seen? Why do you not like it?
Same as 7.

9. How would you assess your own programming skills, compared to what you would imagine the class composition to be? Please give an estimate in terms of percentiles.
About average, at 50%.

10. How would you assess your own mathematical skills, compared to what you would imagine the class composition to be? Please give an estimate in terms of percentiles.
About average, at 50%.

11. Version control. Do you use it regularly/have you used it before?
Yes I used it regularly.

12. How much experience do you have with Git?
I know how to use it, but I need to google sometimes for certain operations.

13. How much experience do you have with GitHub?
I use it regularly.

14. Tell me about something interesting you learned recently. This can really be anything. For example, if you were meeting with a friend, what would you chat about? Possible answers: books, ideas, films, art, TV shows, blogs, podcasts, etc. This answer really does not have to be about data visualization.
I'm taking a guitar course recently, which is fun.